Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"&
Welcome to the Synchro
Dimension!
What?
I remember how I freaked
out the first time I got sent
to another
dimension.
That's the day I lost Rin Rin.
Careful!
Watch yourself!
Don't touch that!
Oh, no!
(mother)
It's full of germs!
What's the deal,
Yugo?
(mother)
Someone help!
Yugo?
Let's go!
Call Sector Security!
We were in a restricted,
Tops‐only area
that's
off‐limits to us.
Topsiders are
the haves of society
who possess all the
wealth and power here
in New Domino City.
It's like a fantasyland,
up here.
But down there
where I live...
Ah!
It's a different
world.
Topsiders call the people
who live here "Commons."
There's only one way to get out
of the slums, and it's to win.
(man on loudspeaker)
This is Sector Security.
Pull over immediately!
I activate the Field Spell
Speed World Neo!
(computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Auto‐pilot activated.
What's going on?
He's forcing us to duel
and if we lose,
he'll arrest
the both of us.
Hold on tight 'cause
we're going supersonic!
Let's duel!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(woman)
Speed World Neo has been
successfully deployed.
Sector Security
is in pursuit.
Officer 227 of the specialized
Duel Chaser Unit
is closing in
on the renegade Turbo Duelist.
Where are they dueling?
(woman)
Running along Route 8.
Heading from the Villa area
towards City Center.
Very good.
It's your move...
or so you think.
(siren wailing)
Hang on tight.
It's time
to throttle this guy!
First, I'll set the pace
with Speedroid Tri‐Eyed Dice!
And it lets me also summon
this little fly guy,
so take to the air,
Speedroid Taketomborg!
I tune Level 3 Tri‐Eyed Dice
with Level 3 Taketomborg!
I Synchro Summon...
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama!
Pretty impressive!
That
was nothing!
I activate Hi‐Speedroid
Kendama's special ability!
By banishing one Speedroid
from my graveyard,
he takes 500 points
of damage!
Yes!
Advantage me!
And this facedown is gonna make
sure it stays that way!
Your move, if you can keep up,
that is!
(anxious moan)
Are you seriously
dueling that guy
and driving this thing
at the same time?
Of course.
(screaming)
Has anyone ever told you
that this...
is nuts!
One more zig or zag,
and I promise I'm gonna gag!
(helicopter approaching)
What now?
Aw, not them!
We're interrupting our regularly
scheduled broadcast to rustle up
this live report
from high above Route 8!
I'm Melissa Trail here
with exclusive coverage
of a high speed chase
from our Tops TV Sky Eye!
(woman on intercom)
Director, there's a
news copter on the scene!
How would you
like us to proceed?
Do nothing.
This type of thing
is inevitable.
Topsiders like to view Sector
Security chasing duelists
for their own
entertainment.
Privilege can sometimes
be monotonous,
so let's
give them a real thrill.
Change the path
from Route 8 to 11.
Yes, sir.
Looks like
we got a detour.
Boy, oh, boy!
We got ourselves
a real dust‐up
with one of Sector Securities
good ol' boys hot on the
heels
of two feisty Commons!
If you're just joining us,
lemme get y'all up to speed:
the Commons struck first and
rustled up 500 points of
pain.
Now Security's forced
to play catch up!
That copper sure has his work
cut out for him
if he wants to
wrassle those Commons!
And I'll be here to bring
y'all the action as it
happens!
After I run circles
around you,
they're gonna put you
on parking patrol.
Silence, Commoner.
Your defeat and capture
is a given.
My apprehension
rate is 100%.
The chance of me losing
to a sewer rat like you?
Zero.
Now I'll show you why!
I summon
Jutte Fighter!
Next I'll power down
500 of your Hi‐Speedroid
Kendama's attack points
to summon Sasumata Gardna
in defense mode.
I tune Level 2 Jutte Fighter
with Level 3 Sasumata Gardna!
This is your worst
nightmare:
A monster
that always gets his man.
I Synchro Summon!
Goyo Chaser&
Front and center!
Goyo Chaser, take down
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama!
The outlaws just got served
some justice!
Just as planned.
Keep the pressure
on them.
Thanks to Goyo Chaser's
special ability
I can summon
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama to my field
by cutting its attack points
in half.
Aah!
(Director)
Attacking now with Hi‐Speedroid
Kendama is the optimal move.
Isn't your job to stop stealing,
not practice it?
(Melissa) The outlaws
take a major hit!
Are you okay?
No, I'm Yugo,
remember?
Just kidding.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
He doesn't even know
he can't get away anymore.
Reroute all Security
to District D.
That's a perfect
placefor this to end.
(woman)
Yes, sir.
But we need make sure
theCommons watching the duel
don't do
anything...unpleasant.
Raise the City alert
levelto 5, just in case.
(Melissa)
Security's really pouring it on!
Unless these outlaws
are packing raincoats,
they're gonna be more
washed up
than yesterday's laundry!
Let's kick it up a gear,
and lay some tracks!
Look out, 'cause Speedroid
Ohajikid's coming at you!
You think you were so clever
before, taking my monster,
and then using it
against me?
Well, you know what?
Two can play at that game.
Thanks to my Ohajikid,
I get to take your Tuner Monster
and use it to Synchro Summon!
I tune Level 2 Jutte Fighter
with Level 3 Speedroid Ohajikid!
I Synchro Summon!
Say hello
to a monster
that always edges out
the competition...
Hi‐Speedroid Chanbara!
I'll be!
The outlaw just served up a
little payback, giving Security
a taste of his medicine!
Chanbara!
Cut Hi‐Speedroid Kendama down
to size!
And thanks to its special
ability, when Chanbara battles,
it gets an extra hundred attack
points!
And there's more!
Chanbara can
attack twice!
No way!
Remember,
battling makes Hi‐Speedroid
Chanbara even stronger.
A hundred points stronger!
Stings,
doesn't it?
From up here,
it looks to me
like this outlaw keeps
handcuffing any move
Sector Security makes!
This is highly uncommon
for a Common.
Unbeknownst to them,
this is all playing out
just as I have
planned.
Before they know it,
it will be
game over.
Now I'm activating
Descending Lost Star.
This trap lets me pick one
Synchro Monster in my graveyard
and summon it
in defense mode!
I select Goyo Chaser!
Goyo Chaser loses a Level
and all its defense points,
but it's still going
to protect and serve.
That monster sure looks like
a shell of its former self,
but at least Security's
got some needed backup.
I'm going
to end my turn.
(Melissa)
What a showdown!
Security hasn't slowed
for a second
but y'all have to give
this outlaw his due.
He's a dynamic duelist!
(scoffing)
Give him his due.
She doesn't have the slightest
idea what she's saying.
This outlaw is about to play
his last move‐‐ ever!
This is Melissa Trail
here,
reporting live
from the Tops TV Sky Eye.
The battle between
Sector Security
and one of the Commons'
boldest outlaws
is kicking into
high gear!
Hey, hot rod!
You should give yourself
a speeding ticket!
Zip it, punk!
The only one getting
a ticket today is you,
and it's a one‐way ticket,
straight to The Facility!
Is that so?
Gotta catch me
first!
(Zuzu screaming)
(Yugo)
How's my dust taste?
Dirty rat.
I'll be a monkey's aunt!
I've seen a lot of wild moves
but never one quite like that!
Yugo,
be careful!
I can't let them catch us and
throw us into The Facility.
It's horrible, like
something out of a nightmare,
but, at least you can wake up
from nightmares.
Once you're in The Facility,
there's no getting out.
And if I can't get out,
then there's no
Friendship Cup for me...
and if I'm going to change
things around here,
it starts there!
The only way you're
ever gonna take me in
is if you're able
to take me out first!
That works for me.
Now say goodbye.
Torapart's throwing you
a farewell party!
I tune Torapart
with Goyo Chaser!
To catch my prey,
I call a predator.
I Synchro Summon!
Level 6
Goyo Predator!
You know your assignment:
attack Chanbara full force!
When Chanbara
battles,
its attack points get
a hundred point power‐up.
We've reached our end game.
Once Officer 227's Goyo Predator
destroys this Commons monster,
he gets to summon it.
(Melissa)
I'm not hearing the music,
but that monster looks to be
doing the do‐si‐do!
This Turbo Duel's
in the final stretch!
Y'know, you've been
stealing my monsters from me
since we started
this duel!
I never expected Security
would have to sink that low.
I don't need to hear this
from a stinking criminal.
I'll do whatever it takes
to put you where you belong.
The queen puts the king
in check.
Chanbara, attack with
100 more attack points!
Chanbara can attack
us again, Yugo!
We're done for!
One last shot
and it's over.
Checkmate.
Wait, he played a facedown card
on his first turn&
and he never used it!
Officer 227,
do not attack!
I repeat,
I'll break my record for
consecutive collars‐‐
Ha ha!
and get a
big promotion!
There's no escaping the long arm
of the law!
Chanbara, attack
one more time!
I activate the trap
Dice Roll Battle!
Since I have fewer
than 1000 Life Points,
by sending one DICE monster
in my hand to the graveyard,
I can Synchro Summon
using monsters in my graveyard!
No way!
I send Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice
to the graveyard!
I tune
Level 1 Red‐Eyed Dice
with Level 6 Hi‐Speedroid
Kendama!
Beat your wings to whip up a
whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
It gets worse for you.
Thanks to Dice Roll Battle's
effect,
all the monsters on your field
have to battle Clear Wing!
And it doesn't matter how strong
your Chanbara is
because
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
negates its special abilities
and destroys it!
This can't be!
(Yugo)
Reverse Revenge!
And now,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon gains
the destroyed monster's attack
points!
That's totally gotta be
against the law!
Sorry, but this is one
law‐abiding Dragon!
And it's about to take you out
fair and square!
No!
What can I do?!
Now Clear Wing,
attack!
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
It's over.
You did it!
(Melissa)
This is incredible!
Sector Security just got
served!
This is most unfortunate.
Detour those Commons to Point 5
in District D immediately.
Seal off the ramps.
Put all Security in the area
on alert.
(woman)
Yes, sir!
As for Officer 227,
what a disappointment.
Have him turn in
his Runner.
He's useless as trash.
We're in the clear,
right?
I'd say no.
Aah!
Slam on the brakes!
And ruin the fun?
Not a chance!
(sirens wailing)
Aaah!
I hope you're up
for this.
(Zuzu)
Yugo, stop!
Stand by!
It's time to take to the sky!
Let's move!
I'm havin' a hard time believing
what my eyes are seein', folks!
Not only did those outlaws win
the duel,
but they
just outfoxed Security,
by jumping over 'em
like a jackrabbit!
If they get caught, they'll
never see the light of day.
This is Melissa Trail!
Thanks for
watching and goodnight!
Get Security to‐‐
Lock down the route‐‐
from District D to
District R immediately!
Seal off
all access roads!
Copy!
We're on the way!
Put the entire city
in total lockdown!
Central Com just
uploaded photos
of the outlaw and
his female companion.
You two may think you've
escaped&
But my eyes are everywhere.
Well, that certainly wasn't
first class service
by any means.
Where are we?
Like Declan said...
The
Synchro Dimension.
Then let's get moving
and find Zuzu!
Looks like there's a whole other
world above this one.
I wonder if Gong and the others
are up there?
(sirens approach, tires screech)
Your little game is over.
You should've known
you couldn't elude us forever.
I hope this isn't
the welcome committee.
Yeah, it's them
all right.
They're dressed different,
but the faces match the photos.
There's two others
with 'em.
(Director)
Excellent.
Bring them in
right away.
Riley, come back!
Aah! Uhn!
Riley,
are you okay?
You hit that wall
pretty hard.
It wasn't there
a second ago.
It appeared
outta nowhere.
We've been looking
all over for you lousy punks
since last night!
Don't give us any trouble!
Last night?
But we just got here.
There must be some sorta
mistake.
(officer)
Can it and put
your hands up!
Do you know who I am?
My dad's going to be mayor
and fire you all!
So go on
and arrest me!
Come on,
I dare you!
Sylvio, chill&
You're making a bad first
impression.
I'm not gonna stand
for this kind of abuse!
Let's see if your bark is
as bad as your breath!
Sylvio, this isn't
a good idea.
No, Celina,
not you, too?
I activate the
Action Field...
(computer voice)
Crossover.
Action Cards
dispersed.
Let's duel!
So much for first impressions.
♪